1.Write a query which displays the module code and the duration for modules whose duration is less than 6.
select modulecode,duration from modules where duration <6;

2.Write a query which will display the BATCHCODE, TRAINERID, COURSECODE, STARTDATE, CAPACITY 
and BATCHSTRENGTH of the batches handled by the trainer KRISHNAN.
select batchcode,batches.trainerid,coursecode,startdate,capacity,batchstrength from batches inner join trainers on batches.trainerid=trainers.trainerid where trainers.trainername = 'KRISHNAN';


3.Write a query which displays all the module names of the course code 100.
select modules.modulename from courseandmodules inner join modules on courseandmodules.modulecode=modules.modulecode where courseandmodules.coursecode=100;

4.Write a query which displays the module names and course code for the course code 100.
select modules.modulename,courseandmodules.coursecode from courseandmodules inner join modules on courseandmodules.modulecode=modules.modulecode where courseandmodules.coursecode=100;


5."Write a query which will display the number of modules present in the course code 100. 
<br/>
Hint: display module name count with alias""NumberofModules"""
select count(modules.modulename) as NumberofModules from courseandmodules inner join modules on courseandmodules.modulecode=modules.modulecode where courseandmodules.coursecode=100;

6."Write a query which will display all the course code and the number of modules present 
in that particular course.
Hint: display module name count with alias""NumberofModules"""
select courseandmodules.coursecode, count(modules.modulename) as NumberofModules from courseandmodules inner join modules on courseandmodules.modulecode=modules.modulecode group by courseandmodules.coursecode;



7.Write a query which will display the course title and fees which has the maximum fees.
select title ,fees from courses where fees=(select max(fees) from courses);



8.Write a query which will display the student id, student name, batch code, place and 
phone number of the students who belongs to Batch '3001'.
select studentid,studentname,students.batchcode,place,phone from students inner join batches on students.batchcode=batches.batchcode where students.batchcode=3001;



9.Write a Query which will display the student ID, Student name, Batch code, place and phone number who are from CHENNAI.
select studentid,studentname,students.batchcode,place,phone from students inner join batches on students.batchcode=batches.batchcode where students.place='CHENNAI';



10.Write a query which displays the total number of modules which has less than 6 days duration. 
<BR>Hint: display total number of modules with'LESSTHANSIXDAYS' as alias.
select count(modulecode) as LESSTHANSIXDAYS from modules where duration<6;


11.Write a query to display the batch code, course title, start date of the batches for the month of May and year 2012.
select batchcode,courses.title,startdate from courses inner join batches on batches.coursecode=courses.coursecode where ( date_part('year',startdate)=2012 and date_part('month',startdate)=5) ;


12.Write a query to display courses code, course title, course fees of the courses for which 
no batches/training has been planned in the month of January and year 2012.
select courses.coursecode,title,fees from courses inner join batches on batches.coursecode=courses.coursecode where not ( date_part('year',startdate)=2012 and date_part('month',startdate)=1) ;



13.Write a query which displays the names of all the modules of the course titled 'Oracle DBA'
select modulename from courses inner join courseandmodules on courses.coursecode=courseandmodules.coursecode inner join modules on modules.modulecode=courseandmodules.modulecode where title='Oracle DBA';


14.Write a Query which displays the student ID, Student name, Batch code, place and phone number 
of the student's who took training from CHENNAI in the year 2012.
select studentid,studentname,students.batchcode,place,phone from students inner join batches on students.batchcode=batches.batchcode where place ='CHENNAI' and date_part('year',startdate)=2012;

15.Write a query which will display the student id, student names who are enrolled for the course code 200?
select studentid,studentname from students inner join batches on students.batchcode=batches.batchcode where coursecode=200;
